FEATURES 
=============

* [Core Features](#Core-Features)
* [Detailed Features](#Detailed-Features)

##Core Features

Poderopedia Plug&Play platform allows you to create and manage entity profile pages that include: short bio or summary, sheet of connections, long newsworthy profile, maps of connections of an entity, documents related to the entity, sources of all the information and news river with external news about the entity. The Platform is focused on the mapping of people, institutions and companies and their connections with public or private views of that information. 

## Detailed Features

**Users administration**

- Create and manage users with different roles (superadministrator, administrator, editor)
- User account page with user settings: name, username, email, password, short bio, avatar, user history (what he/she has created, edited), notifications of collaborations approval or rejection

**Entities Data Management and Publishing**

- **Entity pages**: Create and manage profiles of people, institutions and companies
- **Connections data sheet**: Create and manage hard data sheets of connections (family, school, office, property, private clubs, think tanks, NGOs, etc) of people, institutions and companies.
- **Data visualizations**: Automatically generate data visualizations (map of connections of an entity) that extracts the information from the hard data sheets of connections. Data Visualizations include:

  - Drag visualization around with the mouse
	- Zoom in / Zoom out
	- Filter by connections
	- Embed

- **Anotated documents repository:** Save documents related to entities into the instance of Documentcloud that you can setup (integrated to the Plug & Play Platform). This allows you to have a central repository of documents, add anotations to documents (which facilitates the search and classification of relevant information from a document) and extract information from .PDF with Documentcloud`s OCR system. Documents can be uploaded in bulks.
- **Sources**: Add sources of information to everything that is published in the system and automatically show them in the public website
- **Automatic draft saving**: Each 25 seconds, the draft you are working on is saved by the system.
- **False delete**: A superadmin or admin have the power to delete any entity created. Nevertheless if something is deleted it appears deleted from public view and general private view but it goes into “Purgatory section”. This means that nothing is never truly deleted. A superadmin or admin can republish an item that was deleted.

**Outside information**

-	**News river, automated media harvesting tool**: When a entity is created into the system Plug & Play automatically starts tracking news from the Internet where the entity is mentioned. This news headlines, the website`s name and the date of the news is automatically published in the News River section of the entity page.
- **Power Search (using Solr)**
	- General search
	- Search by directory A to Z, Persons, Companies, Institutions
	- Advanced faceted search using custom filters (sector, country, company, date, etc)
- **Semantic Ontology to Express Connections**
- **PoderVocabulary**: This is the ontology created for Poderopedia Plug & Play Platform and it is used to express the connections between personas, companies and institutions. PoderVocabulary is based on OWL​​, RDF schema, Friend of a Friend and BioVocab, to which were added classes and subclasses, with a number of changes. This means that the data you enter is converted into semantic data.

**API Portal, Republishing and Metrics Tracking (New Features)**

- **API portal**: API for generating calls/views of the entities and their connections from your database, using the library D3.js. API to make searches/calls/views of basic information of the entities. This is a feature that has already been developed. But it`s a On Request Feature because maintaining a API has servers cost and API management cost (with services such as 3scale.com or Mashery.com) that must be evaluated and approved by ANIC, NewsStack.
- **Republish**: Each entity page includes the “Republish” option. When a user clicks on it, the system opens a new window saying the content is licensed under Creative Commons 3.0., that the user can use the content in his website or blog, must include author credit, link back to original content and provides the content with the “Copy” option. This includes a snippet of code, called PixelPing, that allows you to track the ammount of visits that content gets in the users website and check them in a simple metrics dashboard called PixelPower.
- **Embed**: Each data visualization includes the Embed option with three standard embedding sizes and a PixelPing code to track ammount of visits and check them in PixelPower.
- **PixelPing**: Snnipet of code used to track visits to your content republished or embedded in another website


**News Transparency and Personal Private Information Policy**

Websites that work with case sensitive information can benefit by being transparent and open to criticism and user reports. Therefore we have implemented a series of options to reinforce this approach.

- **View entity history**: Allows for public and private view of historic record of changes made in a entity page since it was created. It shows: date, author, changes made.
- **Report error**: Allows for registered users to report an error, saying which is the error, why and what is the source that supports what they are saying
- **Report inappropriate content**: Allows for registered users to report content that may be inappropriate, saying which is the inappropirate content, why and what is the source that supports what they are saying
- **Suggest connections**: Allows for registered users to suggest connections between an entity and another entity, saying what type of connection and which is the source of the information
- **Suggest new entity**: Allows for registered users to suggest new entity and say why it should be included and provide sources of information
- **Needs updating**: Allows for registered users to request an update of an entity page and to provide the new data and sources of information (New Feature
- **Send anonymous tip**: Allows for anyone to send information without login in or providing identity.
- All the information sent is logged in the Collaborations section under “Pending review”, “Approved” or “Rejected”
