Installing
======

##Contents:
* Introduction
* Requirements
* Initial Configuration

##Introduction

Plug&Play-1.0RC, is componed by two web2py applications:

* admin: the poderopedia administrator
* poderopedia: the poderopedia frontend (public-site)

##Requirements for Plug&Play1.0RC
* github
* Python 2.7 installed
* web2py Framework installed and running.
* A Database (MySql or PostgreSQL) installed
* Additional Python libs urllib2, request, libxml2, [rdflib](https://github.com/RDFLib), [rdfAlchemy](https://rdfalchemy.readthedocs.org/en/latest/)
* Web Server (for Production environments) Nginx / Apache (script for config both web-servers are provided in the Script directory). Example `scripts> . setup-web2py-nginx-uwsgi-on-centos.sh`

##Optional Requirements for Production
* Memcached (if you plan use a caching server)


## Install:

You must clone the github repo, under the applications directory in the web2py installation:

 `cd path_to web2py`

 `git clone https://github.com/poderopedia/plug-and-play-1.0-RC applications`

This will create two folder under the applications directory (admin and poderopedia)


##Initial Configuration
For admin:
There are 3 main config files in the models directory:

* 0.py - contains all mayor settings (database_uri, meta-content, application name, mail-server settings, etc.)
* 0_memcached - the connection config for the memcached server.
* db.py - tou must
* document_cloud.py - contains the credentials to autentificate in DocumentCloud.org.

You must write your settings in these 3 files.

Additonally in 0.py at first you must change the line:

    settings.migrate = False

to 

    settings.migrate = True

For poderopedia (frontend):

* 0.py - contains all mayor settings (database_uri, meta-content, application name, mail-server settings, etc.)
* 0_memcached - the connection config for the memcached server.

database_uri must have the same credentials that you wrote for the admin application.



##Testing the admin Installation
In localhost, you must check `http://localhost:8000/admin`

At this point you have created all data models in your database, you only need Pre-populate some data. After this you need change the migrate attribute in the file 0.py from True to False, for example: `settings.migrate=False`



##Pre - Populate (admin):
Before running the full application you needs some initial data (pre-polulate the database and identifying the super-Adminsitrator. 
For pre-populate the data you must access to the following url in localhost: `http://localhost:8000/admin/install`

##Retrieve Documents Metadata from DocumentCloud (admin)
If you have a Repo in DocumentCloud, you may choose to link all documents in that repo, with Plug&Play. 
For that purpose you have to choose the 'Load metadata from DocumentCloud' option in the Adminstration > DocumentCloud Menu.
The operation takes time if you have a large repo.

##Testing the Frontend (poderopedia)
In localhost, you must check `http://localhost:8000/`.
If you have any error ticket or page 404, you need to check your config settings in 0.py

That's it.
