Settings
=============

* [Setting up Plug & Play](#setting-up-plug-&-play)
* [Setting up PoderVocabulary](#setting-up-PoderVocabulary)
* [Setting up Solr](#setting-up-solr)
* [Setting up DocumentCloud](#setting-up-documentcloud)

## Setting up Plug & Play

Plug&Play-1.0RC, is componed by two web2py applications:

* admin: the poderopedia administrator
* poderopedia: the poderopedia frontend (public-site)

For admin:
There are 3 main config files in the models directory:

* 0.py - contains all mayor settings (database_uri, meta-content, application name, mail-server settings, etc.)
* 0_memcached - the connection config for the memcached server.
* document_cloud.py - contains the credentials to autentificate in DocumentCloud.org.

You must write your settings in these 3 files.

Additonally in 0.py at first you must change the line:

    settings.migrate = False

to 

    settings.migrate = True

For poderopedia (frontend):

* 0.py - contains all mayor settings (database_uri, meta-content, application name, mail-server settings, etc.)
* 0_memcached - the connection config for the memcached server.

database_uri must have the same credentials that you wrote for the admin application.

## Setting up PoderVocabulary

PoderVocabulary is described in their own [github repo](https://github.com/poderopedia/PoderVocabulary).
Phisically resides in poderopedia.org domain name. You can consult the documentation in [dev.poderopedia.com/documentation](http://dev.poderopedia.com/documentation/index).

All the config settings are under the plugin_rdf in the models folder. If you plain to extend PoderVocabulary, please email us: team at poderopedia.com 

## Setting up Solr
Setting up Solr is very simple, first you need to have an Apache Lucene Solr instance running on your server. If you haven't, you will need to check the [Apache Lucene Solr documetation](http://wiki.apache.org/solr/) to install and run the server; we recommend that you use Tomcat as servlet container.
In the same directory where is the solr.war file you must add the following lines to the solr.xml file:

    <cores adminPath="/admin/cores" defaultCoreName="poderopedia" 
        	host="${host:}" hostPort="${jetty.port:}" hostContext="${hostContext:}" 
        	zkClientTimeout="${zkClientTimeout:15000}">
    	<core name="poderopedia" instanceDir="poderopedia" />
    </cores>

You must create a poderopedia/conf directory and copy 3 configuration files (the files are in the private/solr directory):

* **solrconfig.xml**: you must write the correct path to your data directory, under `<dataDir> ` section
* **schema.xml**: contains details of the indexes used in the Solr-Poderopedia configuration
* **data-config.xml**: contains the database credentials, you will need to write the correct access to your database.     
     `<dataSource type="JdbcDataSource" driver="com.mysql.jdbc.Driver" `   
`url="jdbc:mysql://localhost/test" user="username" password="password"/>`


## Setting up DocumentCloud
First you need a DocumentCloud account (username and password), and write these settings in the **document_cloud.py** file under the admin/models directory.

    #document settings
    dc_username='your@email.com'
    dc_password='your_password'
